Added AM onboarding doc to partnerships (#311)
18F/identity-handbook: _articles/partnerships-am-doc.md

---

> title: "AM Onboarding Document"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Account Manager (AM) Onboarding Document"
```
maybe expand out the abbreviation for future findability?

layout: article

> description: "Document containing links to everything a new AM will need"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Document containing links to everything a new Account Manager will need"
```
